docs: update plugin information (#42)
snyk/snyk-intellij-plugin: README.md

## Supported IntelliJ versions

> The plugin requires IntelliJ 2019.1 or above version.

Reviewer: Would update the wording here:

```suggestion
The plugin requires IntelliJ version 2019.1 or above.
```

Author: done with 71bbe5c

Other Jetbrains IDEs, such as PyCharm or WebStorm are not _currently_ supported.

> SBT and other build-systems are scheduled for a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SBT and other build-systems are planned for a future releases.
```

Author: done with 71bbe5c
